Hi, good morning. Hi, good evening.
Hi, Saurav. Good evening. Hi, Srikar. Good morning.
Aditi, I didn't.
Uh, Srikar, your voice is kind of sounding muffled when we were on our like previous call also, no?
I think I connected through like my phone. I did not carry my laptop. I came to Cisco, right?
Okay, okay, so...
Yeah, so I connected from the phone. Can you hear me now?
Yep, yep, I can hear you. If you have like an what do you call the earphone or something that might maybe make it better.
Yeah, I'm using my...
But yeah, it's still audible. Like, just make sure when you're talking, like, keep it near your mouth. So, yeah, hi Colin. Good morning.
Hey everyone, good morning, good evening.
Hey, Colin, good morning.
Yes, so we'll give Namita a second to join.
Yeah, is anyone having mic issues then? That's what I heard when I caught on, so...
I connected to my mobile Colin. I came to Cisco, so...
Okay, gotcha, gotcha. That's fine, that's fine.
Yeah.
All right, let's give Namita one more minute or so to join, and then we can jump right in. Today will be an easy day for everyone. For me, it's just gathering up some info. I'll tell you all kind of where I'm at with things. I'm going to wait for her to join just because I want her to know it's there too. We'll definitely need some of her input.
There we go, in Namita.
Hello, good morning everyone. Sorry I was a bit late.
No problem, no problem.
So, okay, so here's what we are doing today. So first of all, so keep in mind for everyone, I'm using this, I'll use this meeting transcript to help me to generate some of the files that I'm going to be sending up to Srinivas. So keep that in mind. It's okay to be verbose right now. Like I, we'll get into this.
In general, it'll become more and more normal. It's weird. It's like, like I said in the last time, it's like we're prompt engineering live on a call. So it's good to share detail. It's good to be specific. Don't feel like you're talking too much. It's all for cloud.
So what I want to cover today, basically, Srinivas asked me for two things, but I'm going to ask for a different one to start us out. He wanted to know, you know, what our takeaways were from the last meet, you know, anything, you know, any open questions we have. But I want to give kind of my take on some things real quick, and I want to hear from all of you what
your take is as well. I think from my perspective, our team right now, our velocity is primarily gated by not technology or complexity or things being difficult, but pretty much by access.
Mhm.
Yep.
You know, it's like a circus right now. Not on our team side, for sure. I think you've all done an amazing job to do that. But on Cisco's side, it's like you have to talk to 100 people just to get access to one simple thing. And those things aren't, you know, available. Like for instance, it is Thursday.
Yeah.
of the following week and we still don't have access to deep site. This is now 4 weeks into the project and we still don't have access to the thing that Srinivas himself is the owner of.
Hey, talk hardly.
You know, so what I want to do is I'm going to be putting together an email to anand and Srinivas to basically say, hey guys, you know, this is great, everything's good, but you need to be aware of where the limitations actually are. You know, because it's not really coming from technical complexity. I would much rather.
Mhm.
give them kind of an ultimatum that says, either you guys, you know, come to grips with the situation. Don't tell me to talk to 30 different people and put in 30 different requests. Give me a list of what I should do. And let's pick a date that that must be resolved by, by Cisco team.
It must be resolved by the Cisco team so that we can run at full speed. Because right now, it's like every time we need to do something, there's like 30 blockers to it. And I don't think those are really getting resolved. Even in that last meeting, nothing really got resolved. We got access to a new repository that's blank. Maybe there's been some other things in the meantime.
So before we get into what we do have and what progress we've made in anything like that, I want to go around and talk about blockers. And like I said, this is for Claude, so I'm cataloging everything there so that I can share it back with anand Srinivas in that email. So maybe
Who would like to go first? Maybe Srikar, would you like to go? And you know, if you and Saurav want to go together on this, that's fine. Just kind of what access do you have right now and what do you still need to do the basics of what you want? Even if it's just that someone hasn't answered yet or they gave you partial access, that's still a blocker. So feel free to go, you know, full open on this. Don't feel like you're complaining.
Just be completely, you know, straightforward about it.
Yeah, I can go Colin. So, I reached out to like Srinivas like last day and I asked for access to the two reports which Naga worked on, but I haven't received, so I he he messaged me about like asking for like why you need like access for scrubber.
Yep.
So I saw these two like wordings like on GitHub, like once we got the access for the CICD. So there is a conflict between like a scribble and scrubber. So I don't know if they are both same or not, but yeah, Sriniv asked me like for like, why do we need like scrubber? So I reached out to Naga to check with.
him directly and get 2 repo links so that I can share with Srinivas directly to get the access. But I haven't received any update from Naga as well on that.
So, I'm waiting on that report directly, so that I can forward the direct links to the Srinivas and get the access.
Mhm.
So that means that there's like 2 repositories that have a very similar name to each other. One is Scribble, which is what we need access to, and the other one is it Scrubber or Scrubble.
There is one called scrubber on the teams, like when you go to the teams, like you see the teams in the arc. So it doesn't say anywhere scribble, so it says scrubber only. So I thought like I referred to that and I asked him. So.
I see. Okay.
So that's why I don't want to like, if it is scribble or scrubble, I want to like get links, direct links from Naga, so that we stand on the like same page and so that I can ask the request for Srinivas to give the access. So Naga haven't replied yet, so I came to the Cisco, so if I...
Syed.
I'll be meeting Naga if he's here and get that access object today by any cost.
Okay, so now this is 1, so it's the scribble, I mean, and that's the thing that, you know, Srinivas assigned those items to us, you know, last week, and we're still waiting on even knowing what the repository name is.
Mhm.
Right.
Right. So like, that's what I mean here. Like that's what I'm trying to flag up to anand to say, look, you know, we can't work like that. Nothing on our side, but just on their side.
Yep.
Okay.
Ashish.
Sleep.
Mhm.
Yeah, one point I had Srikar and Colin. So Srikar, if you remember when we met Naga, he had showed us two repo. It was Pulse and Scribble. So it should be Scribble.
Okay.
Okay, yeah, yeah, it should be scribbled, so, but when I checked the, like, once we got the access to CICD, I saw the, I saw the, there is a parser agent, there is a pulse, there is a scrubber, scrubber, not scribbled, so I was like confused and I, so I thought like it was under that, but anyway, like I mentioned, like...
Oh.
Okay, okay.
So, Srinivas that, like, okay, whatever like Naga worked on the two reports, if you can give give the access to us on that, what is, yeah, I'm not sure, like, yeah.
What is the take on this?
Mhm.
I see, I see. So what, so there's two things going on. So I think, number one, I understand. And so he gave us access to a repo. It would be reasonable to think that all of those tools would live within the same repo. So, you know, you're kind of just saying, okay, well, maybe they said the wrong name. That makes perfect sense. And we can explain that back to Srinivas to say,
You verbally gave instructions. When you verbally give instructions, bad thing happened. And the other point is that, you know, we didn't have a link to the repository or access given to the repository. So that's just a crazy way to work in my opinion. You know, just them mentioning what a project's called and then it's our job to go and hunt down.
Hello!
who the repository owner is and what the link to the repo is, that's an impossible way to work. So, so.
Yep, none of the repos have like any kind of documentation on that. So that also adds like a little bit more time that we do not have like any way to quick start on the repo. We have to first go dive into the repo first, figure out what is happening, and then start the work.
Okay.
Right, right. So that's on the scribble side. And so that's where we're at right now. We need to get an actual owner from that, an actual, you know, kind of written instruction on accessing those and make sure that that gets resolved. I know you'll meet with Naga today.
but it's still worth including to them that this is not a sustainable process. I'm sure we can, put it this way, I'm sure we can outwork any problem, but we shouldn't have to, because that's not really where our time is being spent the most valuably.
And.
Scribble is 1, and the other one, remind me the name on that. So Scribble and the one that was Pulse.
Pulse.
Bones, yeah.
What?
Okay, and what about pulse? How is that? Is that in this kind of the same boat with Naga?
Yeah, same, same Colin.
OK, so, and we have the we have reached out to Naga to say, you know, what are the links to these? You know, can we have access?
Yeah, I reached out as in the afternoon.
OK.
Okay, so I'll share that back with us. I'll say that in general going forward, if we are going to need access to a repo, I need a link to the repo, I need the owner, and I need access given.
you know, when the items are assigned, not us hunting down how to request access.
Yep, like at least when we are starting the project, our checklist would be very good. Like you need these things to work on the repo and yeah, the access, go ahead and do it. That would be like a much better way to work on it rather than first telling us that you have to work on this, then go ahead and figure out what's the repo, who's the owner.
Then, go on for access, right? Yeah.
I see.
Okay, now let's say, so still keeping with Srikar, and then we'll move from next to Namita. Saurav, I'm going to keep you in Vaishali for last because you have the laptop thing. So beyond those two, Srikar, so any other blockers that you're having, you know, any access that you need that you haven't been able to get,
Yep.
anything that's unclear or open as a question for what to do with those, especially after our thing.
Yes.
So Colin, so first main important part was the permanent ADS machine. So for that we need tenant ID, right? So Mahavir said that he has approved it, but still the tenant ID is not visible at my end. And the second one is the request for a standalone bundle.
Yeah.
Okay.
I have raised a request for that as well, but haven't heard back. So these two things are very important to create Alias machine. The first is tenant ID and the 2nd is the standalone bundle.
Okay, okay. And for me, the blocker there is, first of all, we need it. Second of all, it was told that we would have it. And third of all, if we continue on the temporary machines, we are effectively going to have to redo all of our work every four weeks.
Cool.
So that's, you know, that's a non-starter for me. Like the temp machines are good to get you all some familiarity with this system, but it is not enough to actually work on because it's like you have a Git repository that disappears every four weeks. And even if you do have a Git repo, you shouldn't have to set up all services from scratch every four weeks. That's crazy.
Yeah.
Yes.
OK.
And so, yeah.
And like Namita bot post like the timeline of this, then have you requested the access and how much time has passed?
So I would say it's been around one week.
The last Friday we requested for the standalone.
Yeah.
Okay. Okay.
The tenant idea, I think, even before that.
Yes, tenant ID was a long time back. I mean, when we started, it will be like during the second or third day at Cisco.
So that would have been even back in March.
All right.
No, no, that would be in April. That would still be in April. Yeah, last week.
No, last, last Thursday, last Thursday.
Okay, yeah, like 2 weeks ago. Okay, got it.
Yeah.
So...
Okay, so then, and the same for you Srikar. So what kind of timeline are you looking at? So think of like whenever you first started talking to Naga, and when you got access to things or information from him, and whenever you sent requests for things, and it's okay. Like if you, you know, just asked for it yesterday, that's fine.
But just let me know that, because that way I can have the timeline in mind when I talk to Srinivas too. So that way we can make sure that we're being completely transparent with him too. So what did that timeline look like for you for that, for Scribble and Pulse?
So I connected with him on last Thursday. We had like verbal discussion about like both of the projects. He, yeah, he explained and then, yeah, that is when I connected, like me and Namita, like both of them like connected and.
That was 9th of April. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um...
And, and then, like, I reached out to Naga on Tuesday, like, for the access again to check if he's the owner, but he mentioned, like, to check with Srinivas only, so then, then I, yeah, I reached out to Srinivas.
Yesterday, and then yeah, when he asked, like, yeah, well, like the regarding that scribble, then I reached out to Naga again to check with Naga to get both report links, so that I can forward those to to Srinivas.
I see, I see. And that's correct too. So you did the right thing there. I think, you know, the reality here is that, you know, we should have been able to assume that Scribble would have presumably been at the same place as the other applications in the same repo. But it wasn't, you know, and it should have been. And that's once again, this whole disorganization at Cisco that I'm going to.
Right.
you know, really, you know, make very obvious and transparent to anand, who is Srinivas' boss. Like, you know, I don't even know how this team functions within itself. It's just a mess. They need to stop. If it was me and I was in charge, I'd say, everyone, stop everything you're doing. We're having a cleanup day. We're going to rearrange all the repositories.
We're going to figure out what needs categorized as stage production and things that are just POCs, things that are in development. And we're going to clean this up because this is a dumpster fire. In reality too, there's like three different GitHub Enterprise servers as well, if you notice that.
Yeah, yep.
So that makes it even three times worse because now you have to request access even more. That's just crazy. Okay.
So those are blockers on the immediate items. Now, Srikar, finishing off this with you. So even what you said in our group chat, so there's some things that are limitations for what we can do for the API that we need. And I think you are going to connect with Naga on that. So
Yeah.
What's there with that one? So you need an API key to get to the meeting transcripts in order to even do that work. Is that right?
So if let's say like I'm the user and I'm creating the meeting, I can use my API key like access token and extract the recordings as well as that transcript, everything related to the meetings. But if I, if Namita is like creating the meeting and I, if I have to access that meeting, I can only.
I.
a download transcript manually from that meeting link. But if I have to access through the API, then I have to get it, get the access token of Namita, but which is not like usually the right way. But only the manager level, I think they can create like
Arg level token to extract these recording details like transcript, audio, and other details which are done from the WebEx API.
Yeah.
So it's not like a bot, it's a service app on WebEx which is doing all of these with like scope permissions.
I see, I see. So in order to actually make this, so I'll put it this way. So you, so are you able to access your own?
Like transcripts, like transcripts for meetings that you were in.
Yes, yes.
Yes, I can access that. So when I provide like my access token, WebEx developer access token, I can access all the meetings which I created and along with the audio files, transcript, summary, and action items.
All those details.
Now, are you able to access meeting transcripts for meetings that you were not the owner or creator of, but you were just an attendee? Like let's say like last Friday's meeting was Srinivas.
Ho.
No, I can't access that through the API. I can't access that through the API, but as you mentioned, like I went and checked, so when you click the when you click the meeting link, you can download the transcript directly from there.
Okay, now actually, so open question, and this will be a quick tangent for everyone. Last Friday's meeting with Srinivas, I somehow, I found a recording and I believe it's for that meeting. However, whenever I'm on the WebEx desktop app, I am not able to see a transcript for that.
last Friday meeting. So while I'm talking, if anyone wants to look for that and find it, if you can send that file in the group chat, if it's possible, that's great. If not, it is what it is. But if that meeting had recording enabled, which I believe it did, and we're able to get that transcript, that'll be very helpful for me.
For Surej.
So quick, quick aside, but just have that in your mind as I'm talking. That's one thing that I need that I'm, for whatever reason, not able to see on my side.
So beyond that, any of the meeting transcripts that you've had with the Cisco team, any of those, if you can just get those and you know, you can send those to me directly, because I'll catalog those with Singularity. And I know I told everyone that I'd be training you all on this this week. I'm making some big changes to it, so I'm trying to help you all out by
doing that part for you so you can focus on, you know, getting these access items resolved. So don't feel like, you know, you're in a crunch for tomorrow. I'm going to take care of it for tomorrow for the slides, the diagrams, et cetera. We'll talk about the architecture side of things as well, but we'll do that separately later on today.
MM.
OK.
So, anything else, Srikar, that's a blocker for you right now, or any open questions based upon what we talked about with Srinivas last week, for instance, what he was explaining, what the goals are, et cetera.
Right.
I think those are all the questions I had, Colin.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, from my end, I'll, yeah, I'll think of any any of the like any of the questions I come across. I I just discussed with like Zahra on on the part, yeah, I'll update once I have some questions.
Mmh.
Okay. All right. And Namita, let's go to you next. So same thing, you know, any blockers, any questions, you know, anything at all. And like I said before, no matter what it is, big or small, do not feel like you're complaining. I'm just getting all the things documented for today.
Yes.
Oh no, blockers. It was only about the permanent ATS machine. Apart from that, everything looks good.
OK.
Now, a couple of things there. So for, if we were going to say no blockers, so you were able to get all the logs from Justin Joseph then?
Yes.
Okay, so that is good and I think I was reading that in the breakdown that you sent as well.
We.
Mhm.
So...
The thing that I don't know if everyone can see, I'm going to check this if I have not.
I want to make sure that all of you are in this channel.
And if you're not, I'm going to add you. So everyone, if you can look at your WebEx.
And unfortunately, Vaishali, you're the odd one out right now. I'll connect with you. You can make a WebEx account with your Bay One email, and I can add you in temporarily so that you can start to see some of these things. But you'll just have to go to webex.com and set up an account with your Bay One email. And then I can add you into these. In the meantime, while you're waiting for this, let's go.
Access to finish up.
Yes, Colin.
But.
Let me make sure that everyone can.
See this?
Okay.
Now I've added you all in. If you weren't already added, now you are added in to a channel called NxOS CI workflow.
So let me share my screen here.
Can you see?
Yep.
Yes.
So there are like 4 teams doing the same thing. And this is also a blocker and an open question that I'm going to have for Srinivas, because I don't actually understand what he's doing here at all. There is a person, his name's Rui Guo.
Yeah.
And it looks like he's already starting to try to do, I'm trying to find the messages from him so you can see, he was trying to do some auto triage as well. And it looks like he's the one that's got a production grade app ready to go.
The problem is, is this directly conflicts with our work, it directly conflicts with Justin's work, it directly conflicts with the CI workflow.
But yet, Srinivas wants us to do. So I don't want to duplicate effort here, and I want to understand what our role is versus what that one is.
So let me show you all this and you can read all this for yourself.
It is on the bottom, Colin.
Mhm.
Which one?
Just go down.
Scroll up a little. The first screenshot you see from the top, yeah, these screenshots, yeah.
Yes, now he had a, I'm looking, he had an original message with this as well, because I remember there was one that he had a, where he first introduced it.
Okay.
I think the above screenshots itself, like both of them, yeah, these two.
I'm trying to sit.
Yeah.
So they basically made a Nexus T program. And this is the automate, this is the failure analysis with GPT 5.4.
It generates this, you know, kind of write-up for it.
And it's trying to do this as a topology view. This is pretty much with pure chat GPT, you can tell.
And it's got this Nexus T agent, which is their chat for failure cases in the Nexus pipeline.
Thank you.
So, my question for Srinivas is, what are we doing here?
Like, are we building a duplicate of this? Are you trying to, you know, is this for some more specific purpose? You know, what is the difference here? Because I don't want to waste our time.
And if so, we could also just work with Rui directly.
It looks like they are building these things, but they're really just kind of these quick POCs. I mean, it's good work for sure, but at the same time, it's not quite, you know, anything beyond what you could just do natively with, you know, Cloud Code or even Codex. You know, you could still get these things out. It's just a matter of having the UI for it.
Mhm.
So, you know, if these are deployed in production, what I'd want to know for him is my open question would be, what are we doing? You know, what's the, you know, kind of what's the point for us?
Yeah.
But is it like, so what I'm thinking is they have built deep site, correct? Everyone has their ADS and it's kind of like what's currently happening, a hackathon across the whole org. Okay, everyone is building whatever they can build and maybe posting them here or something.
So, yeah.
Right, right.
Team.
And so that's what I'm wondering though, because if it's like that and it's fine, I just want to make sure that we're not going to build something and then someone's going to say.
Oh, I know you guys spent a month on that, but we already have something and we're using it, you know.
Yep.
And I think this also means that we should all register with this Nexus TE agent, get access to this and start to understand a little bit. It says it wants to use a circuit API token.
You know, for instance, they say, like, analyze my job, you know, you know, run the test.
et cetera.
I want us to explore this and understand it. And this is also kind of, I'm adding this one on kind of like how I said, let's give this kind of the production overview to see what works, what doesn't, you know, and also stuff like this, if you haven't noticed, Cisco doesn't really seem to care too much about guardrails.
Or even, you know, authorization. That's true in both Justin and Joseph as well as this guy's stuff. Again, they can do what they want to do, but I'm like, I have no clue why they're letting AI just randomly edit source code for production.
KP.
Mmh.
So I just want to have that clarity with him. But I wanted to bring this to all of you to take a look, definitely to sign up for this, to test it out and see how it works.
And I also want to understand what this is touching versus what ours is touching. So I want to have that clarity with Srinivas. Should we be working with this really person? Or is our work completely separate from that? Is this just a POC, like you said, sir, for a hackathon? Or is this, you know, something that we are trying to build off of? And how does our work relate to Justin's work relate to this?
Yep, because that also like vertical would set us in like clear goals for if we want to do it with more efforts, what kind of architecture we want? Do we want it more robust, more verifiable and all of those things? Or if you just want these kind of agents.
So, I don't want to complete that sentence, so...
Right, right. And we can focus our effort on better things. I mean, like, I think it's good. And hopefully to all of you, I don't sound like I'm like, you know, why did he do this? There's no jealousy here. It's just, you know, I don't like to do duplicate work. And, you know, from what I've seen, like, these things are
Yeah.
If.
Yes.
OK, but...
The problem is, you know...
Ironically, they had kind of violated something they had told us in the beginning, which is that they wanted something inside of VS Code itself.
Mhm.
So, you know, maybe that's still open as a topic and maybe that's where our work will focus, but I want to, you know, see and understand this and also to see what the...
you know, exactly what's built here so we can talk about this intelligently.
Once again, it's on yet another repo.
So I don't know if we'll get access to this unless we're friends with Rui, but I'll be asking that to Srinivas and I'll be raising this as an item to get some clarity on.
No.
Mhm.
All right.
So, so nothing else, Namita?
Yes, Colin, you were saying something?
Yes, so nothing else from your side for blockers or open questions that you have?
Nothing at my end. Just that yesterday we were discussing about the architecture. So do we need one single architecture or we create two or three separate architectures?
Good question, good question. And I think the answer that I can give you is it depends. So I was talking to, I think Saurav about this a little bit. And the way that you can look at it is, here is the number one, the current state architecture of a given system.
Okay.
Yeah.
Okay, and that is important to have either from something that you can defend, for instance, like a meeting transcript or direct from the source person who wrote this, not just, you know, like what Srinivas does in meetings and kind of hand waving. Or #2, having access to the repository to really see how it works in the 1st place.
Mhm.
and grounding that architecture of the current state in code.
So that's very, very important to not guess on the architecture, because if we're wrong there, that's a credibility loss for us.
Mm-hmm.
But so number one, current state architecture. That's important to see because that is essentially eyes wide open. That's, this is what it is right now, for better or for worse. It could be good, it could be bad, who knows?
Yeah.
And that would include things not, and that might vary from app to app, but for instance, I'll give you an example. The existing Pulse application.
Mmh.
From everything that we know right now, there is not a unified layer for a database and that pulse application. So every person that runs that to go and scrape transcripts from WebEx, and if I'm mixing up applications, just forgive me. But whenever they scrape that from WebEx, that is going to create duplicate work and duplicate processing
Yeah.
as if someone were to do it, you know, with their own deployment from DeepSight.
Yep, yeah.
So because everything's deployed as like standalone.
Yes.
That would be an important thing to show in the architecture that this is essentially a setup per user and
We have to be sure on that. So don't just take what I just said and run with it. Confirm and understand it. And you can even ask the questions to say.
And you can ask the questions to say, even to people like Naga or to Justin, you know, when this gets deployed, what's the plan? Is the plan for this to get deployed to everyone exactly as this is, so that everyone's running their own scraper? Or, you know, what's the ultimate plan here?
Mhm.
You basically want to have it so that you are being a detective and you're getting all the details and you have full visibility.
Yeah.
So that's architecture one.
Yep.
Okay.
Architecture 2 is really not a diagram at all. It's kind of, here's the problem with this from a scaling perspective, from a cost perspective, from a security perspective. You know, for instance, like I'll keep on...
Mhm.
Picking on that one example. Well, great. You know, you have now people hitting it. You can, you know, the transcripts are constant, no matter where they come from. A transcript is a transcript. So if they are WebEx transcripts, for instance, that are being scraped, if they're WebEx chats that are being scraped,
If they are coming from Wispr, it does not matter. They are all referring to the same thing. So if it's processed, it should be processed once and stored and referenced. Otherwise, you're just duplicating databases, you're duplicating compute, you're duplicating for language models that are summarizing those meetings. From an architecture perspective, that's a terrible approach to AI.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Okay.
frankly, at a large organization, if you're going to process the same thing 10 different ways, like let's say even for this meeting transcript, if I said, hey, everyone, each of you go and generate the same meeting notes, and it had no personalization, no customization, it was just the same prompt for the same meeting transcript.
Yeah.
Sure, there will be slight variations, but it's duplicate. It's wasteful.
Yep, yep. And like for downstream processing also, if we are not having like a unified data layer for all of those things, we cannot like constantly build like good MCPs or tools to access the database as like a data source. So it breaks like the whole pipeline we can build.
Done.
Sam.
for automations.
Right.
Right, exactly.
So...
The other thing is for something like that, like, let's keep going with, you know, the, so I said one is like the scalability and optimization. The other is just the hosting. Remember that conversation last Friday with Imperma? She was trying to say, oh, ADS machines, you know, compute, blah, blah, blah. It's a problem to manage that.
Yeah.
Well, how are they going to do that at scale for people that want to use this if it's deployed in that way?
And.
They can. They essentially do need to have one unified layer to do this.
Yep.
And.
from an extensibility perspective. They have all these capabilities duplicated and locked inside of individual apps.
whenever there should be a more modular, reusable approach to this. If they truly want to go microservices, they should do it right. Microservice does not mean isolation. That's how they're going with it right now.
Yes.
For instance, there should be one tools repository with all these tools in there. So if you want to do a WebEx scraper for chats or for transcripts, do that in one place. If you're going to write MCPs that are usable across apps and between apps, don't just simply copy folders over into a new Git repository. Put them in one place, save one source of truth to manage and maintain.
Yeah.
You know, so it's stuff like that that's the problem. And that's what we can document as well. And again, we don't have to call out and say your process is bad, but we're effectively saying that without saying it.
Mhm.
Now, the last one I want to cover at a high level is security. So from security perspective, two big things. Security means both access control authorization, but it also means making sure bad things don't happen whenever they absolutely shouldn't.
So from the first point, remember, we're talking about org-level access tokens to meetings.
Yep.
Mhm.
Yeah.
How do you gatekeep that?
Right? So think about this. What if I was to say, whoever the CEO of Cisco is, I want to read all of his meetings.
Mhm.
Is there access control properly scoped in these existing apps? You know, even if they do work as a POC, that's what separates POC from production. Because if there's a way to use, you know, some generic token, and the only thing that gates it is, you know, strictly an API key and no other system,
That's a bad system.
Yeah.
Right, because API keys can leak and API keys can be shared. So you can't guarantee who can access what.
Right lately.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So it's for like Webex scraping and accessing, it's not an API key, it's an access token. Okay, so just for clarification there. And yeah, and I was saying one more thing. Yeah, so.
Mhm.
Surej.
Maybe they have built it like intentionally bad. So the way they have currently built it, it does solve the problem of this like chat leaking because everyone is scraping their own chats and doing their own work. So even if I want Colin's chat, I cannot get if I was not in that meeting.
So, yeah, but still, it's duplication of work, so that's like the whole point there, yeah.
Okay. Okay.
Yep.
Right, right. So rather than, you know, solving it from an authorization authentication standpoint, they're choosing to solve it by simply having scope to access tokens, which is going to cause that duplication. When in reality, the more efficient solution would be to have properly gated org level tokens for a given probably a team.
Be.
If I had to guess, or a project, and you would, you know, maybe attach it to particular meetings. I think they said they can have up to 40 different chats, for instance.
Mhm.
was the thing. And by the way, consider transcripts, yeah, 40 spaces.
Yeah, 40 spaces, yeah.
And spaces can be meetings or they can be chats. So there's no distinction. Just think of them in your mind as text. They're the same.
Yeah. So no, here also like there are some issues. People are sending in files, photos, images, Excel sheets, everything else. So what are they doing with this currently and what are their plans for this? They just do, they just want to like...
Um...
Mm-hmm.
kind of index it and keep the name or do they also want the text to be extracted and summarized? Because that is like a whole level of what do you call it? A single orchestrator or a single tool we should build which should do all of these for like everything. So the conversion task and pre-processing and all of those things.
Currently, what's the state of that and how are they planning to like tackle it moving forward? Because once these apps are in production, even if I can save like 10 tokens on a request, that's like over a month a lot of tokens saved. So yeah.
Right, right. And I mean, it's a good point, because even if you look at that in XOS CI workflow chat, you can see that people are attaching screenshots.
And they are attaching files and they are linking to things too. So sometimes it's not even attachment but a link.
Um...
Yep.
So, you know, that's a good point to raise, because files are where you're really going to start chewing tokens.
You know, and also there's a little bit of a liveness to chats. You know, meetings are kind of static because once a meeting happens, it's not like the meeting changes. But, you know, for instance, for a chat, you can't say that the chat I retrieved at one point in time and it's going to be the same tomorrow because anyone can respond on any
comment thread at any time.
Yep, yeah.
Right.
So there is kind of a good point to raise there to say, you know, this should be stateful, but it should be able to refresh on some loop. That's perfect territory for Airflow, for instance, to point it at a message, scrape the text, stored in a database, link to the attachments or process the attack.
attachments through some pipeline, whatever that pipeline is, or however many tools we need beyond the point. But it does need to be processed some way, shape, or form. Because right now, it kind of sounds like, you know, yes, we can do that, but they haven't really thought about, you know, hyperlinks, they haven't thought about images, files, et cetera.
And the other thing too is that why are we doing, I mean, I'm going to be just a little bit harsh here with Cisco. Why are we doing that in a chat? Why are we not doing that with GitHub issues?
GitHub issues is where these items should go.
Their bucks.
they should be there so that there's actual recording of them. So for us, we don't have to say that, but that can be part of our, you know, plan for things. So even to take these chats, like for instance, let me.
In here.
Again, so for instance, this one from Sitaria.
She said, hi, the ULS sanity from my PR fails even before running. We run outside the same issue.
This should 100% be a GitHub issue as a bug report.
saying I will take a look and this is for 622. I've put a workaround. Okay, thanks. What was the other issue? There's no traceability to this. This is not the way.
efficient teams run with GitHub. We can make it run this way though, because we could certainly have a part of the pipeline, not to just diagnose and triage, but also to get this properly tracked in GitHub. So that whenever you do have a PR, you can have some traceability to it, instead of saying that, oh, I think this WebEx chat, that by the way, someone can edit at any time.
is linked back to this.
You know, for instance, like what if I was a bad guy and I said, delete everything in an XOS?
And then I delete my comment or I change it to a :). But the language model pipeline that they built already processes that and goes in. I'm being a little bit facetious here, but goes and deletes everything. And then there's no possible trace back to me to say that I was what caused it, because I've changed it out and edited my comment as a :).
So, you know, they should be doing this with GitHub. That's a fairly easy thing for us to do just with a connector as part of the pipeline here for processing a chat or transcript.
I just want to call that one out.
So.
Yeah, one thing for like from for this like the thing you talked about, there is like one more issue here. OK, I totally lost my thought. Namita, you go ahead. Let me like again three things.
I said so.
I was on mute, I spoke like half a sentence, then again, so yeah, continue Namita, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Oh no, my question was regarding the ingestion part, like how do we read it? So we know that it is an NFS, right?
the location but they are also saying about the WebEx what Colin mentioned right now. So when we design the process.
Do we directly start from the NFS location and grab what's the problem or grab the logs and work on it or we are using directly from Webex?
Mhm.
Cancel.
Because if you are, so my idea was we are directly grabbing from NFS location.
Absolutely.
Depending on.
So in that case, we also need to decide, are we going to do batch processing or we are going to do real-time processing? So what's the idea? What's the requirement from Cisco? So how they want.
Yeah.
Talk and stop.
how quickly they want answer to this PR. Because what happens if some problems comes in PR, the user PR, I think it should be kind of like a real time because.
Quickly, the patch should be generated, right? It should not take one or two days to get answer to it. Otherwise, the user himself can fix it.
Mhm.
Okay, so...
So do we have any idea on that part?
Yeah.
So, so what you just said is perfect.
And here's why. Here's why. So the one thing you said is perfect. One thing, and I don't mean this in a bad way, it's not perfect, but I'll tell you why.
Excellent point. That's production thinking right there. Because you're saying, why should it have to come from a user?
What?
manually mentioning a problem in order to address it. We already have the logs. I don't need to wait. You know, I can do this. I can have a watchdog and observer look at those NFS and look out for these. And probably users are only flagging things that they notice.
Hello.
True.
And I think I think there's really two entry points for this. Number one is the logs, and that should be first and foremost, and as a background service.
Yeah.
Okay.
Right. And something, and like you said, the ideas for how it happens, I'll get to that in a moment. But in general, we have those log files. We have them real time for whenever those builds happen. We don't need to wait for a human to say what the error is. Essentially, the human's almost acting like a language model that's saying, whenever you notice,
write a summary of what's going on.
Yep, yep.
And...
But the second entry point could be a manual one. So we can say that we can have both flows. So you have a background process going on for NFS and it's logged. Let's say that a human still reports in the Webex chat. It should reference what we have in NFS to see if we're already in the process of addressing it or have already addressed it.
And to make sure if we have already addressed it, that our fix took care of what the user was saying too, to make sure that we didn't miss any detail.
Okay.
I think.
Yeah.
OK, yep, yep.
Ah.
Or if it's a runtime bug that the build didn't fail on and there is no error log there. If it's a runtime bug that the user is noting, that's when we will have to go through and...
you know, see what we should do at that point. So there is still a good use case for.
using WebEx as well. I think I see them as two systems that work hand in hand with each other and need to have kind of a contract between the two, more so than, you know, one or the other.
Mhm.
Seven.
Okay.
The second part to that, though, is also you have to have some identity for any kind of auto triage. You have to have some identity as to who they should be sent to.
So for instance, if I am in the WebEx chat and I say, huge issue, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, but I'm an intern.
Just.
Should we have?
At that point, let's say that I'm an intern and I don't even have write access to the repo. But you know who does? The agent.
Mmh.
There's not anything right now in place in the Webex chat that says this user is authorized to do this action on this repository. There's not a check that I'm aware of there.
Mm.
So that's something that we'll want to consider.
Mmh.
Mm.
Um...
Now, the other thing that I said, you know, a part of it was really good, the other part that's not so good is the requirements. We can talk about requirements with them, but for our team, what I want is for us to go with the already thought out recommendation for those requirements.
So.
Yes.
go in with that kind of thinking. You know, we will ultimately go with what they tell us to do, but you know what? Here are my suggestions and here's my rationale. Here's what I would do if this is important. For instance, batch versus streaming. There's advantages and disadvantages. Streaming gets you, or not really batch versus streaming, batch versus real time, let's call it.
Mhm.
Streaming or real time is going to get you quicker resolution for sure.
You could do batch to save on cost and optimize that, especially if it's a heavy language model burden at the expense of not having things resolve as quickly. And you could also have a middle ground where it is, you know, on some set frequency as a polling thing, like something with airflow, check every 5 minutes or check every half hour.
Again.
Mhm.
And that's kind of the best of both worlds in a sense, depending upon preference.
And what I would do for Srinivas is say, hey, here's the menu. Pick from the menu.
Which one is closest to your vision?
Mhm.
Or are we completely off?
Okay.
And so rather than him saying, you know, you know, give the requirements, we will go to him and say, here is our recommendation. We are the experts here. Here's our recommendation for you on how to proceed.
Mhm.
And that leads me to my last, I know I got way off track, but that leads me to my last part for architecture, which is future state.
Okay.
Yeah.
So I think your original question was, you know, one diagram, how many diagrams? So quick recap, diagram one for current state for any application.
Number 2 is kind of considerations and, you know, the following would be recommendations.
Mhm.
And the third would be the future state map that would be our ideal state based upon our own recommendations.
Okay.
That can that can come in two forms, one per application.
But it can also be kind of a master, because I think that's what all of Cisco right now is lacking, a master grand vision for how all these things tie together to remove duplicates.
Mhm.
So for that, you really have to do some deep dive digging into that. You have to zoom out as much as you can and look for abstraction and similarities. It is a tough thing to do. I'm here to help you with it. Think of it this way. How many applications would benefit from one singular place to retrieve meeting transcripts?
If there is more than a few, make it a common module and an architecture diagram for a master plan and show the inheritance.
Up the chain from the other apps.
And that shows something that's really important. Sometimes people perceive unification as creating a monolith and they say, oh my gosh, I hate this. They're wrong. That is the wrong assumption to go with.
What we are showing is that you can modularize it, unify it, and still have great flexibility with microservices if you do this. You just are having common modules instead of duplicating the work.
Yep.
It.
Oops.
So.
What that means is, you know, so current state, you know, problems, recommendations for improvement, and then future state map.
for the apps themselves as well as for the grand plan. The grand plan is much harder. And, you know, the problem is if everyone does their own spin on it, we're going to jumble over each other. But that's one where we'll all have to work together on.
And for those, the easiest way to do it is get on a call, talk through it in great detail like this, and then we'll use that singularity skill like I've been talking to pull it together. And we can continuously refine it based on meetings. Because diagrams are super easy. Like even Namita, the one that you sent was excellent.
And you can see Claude does a really good job with that rather than us messing around in PowerPoint or Visio.
So that's what I mean when I'm talking architecture.
Yes.
So for tomorrow, you don't have to worry about too much. I'm going to help with it, especially to get us through this week, because I didn't get enough time to train everyone on Singularity. But Namita Srikar will meet up later on today to talk through that together so we can kind of get a plan and so everyone.
I have some talking points for tomorrow as well, because we'll share those at the meeting tomorrow. But I'll pull them together at these high level ones. I'll just need your help to get the clarification on what the, at least the current state architectures are for some of the apps. And if they're just code bases, I'll show you how we can use this skill to explore those code bases and put together a map.
Mm.
Based upon the real system.
Okay.
Yeah, we reached out to Justin yesterday. I think Namita our message to Justin for the like architectural diagram for the existing one. Yeah, Justin mentioned like we they don't have any any of the such kind. So in general, like we asked like they use like Mittal or anything. They said like just the PowerPoint.
So, I have...
The.
They use for architecture diagrams and all.
Yeah.
So that's good. So what we can do is that's even a problem. You know, one thing to flag, documentation, and not just documentation like markdown files, but documentation of architecture. That's something that we can do pretty darn easily. You know, we can build a skill or, you know, some plugin for them that'll go and auto document architecture every time there's a code change.
Right.
Mmh.
This is what I mean. Don't wait for Srinivas to tell us that. If you have a good idea, let's propose it.
Yep.
But, but yeah.
We can let like the hooks run at like commit or when the PR is being created. Just let the hook run and or if you want to be really safe after the build has completed. So yeah.
Yeah, and so you see what I mean now? This is the difference between waiting for him to tell us what to do and us saying, look, I see this as a gap. I've got an easy solution for you. Let's go and do this. And this is why you need it, because you don't have this right now. And that's something that is, you know, gating for everyone. Here's.
Mm.
you know, the general effort to, because sometimes people hear that and say, yeah, yeah, yeah, we don't need that right now. But it takes all of half an hour.
You know, it's not that big of a deal, especially because they already have Copilot Enterprise. They could already have been doing this this whole time.
Okay.
Some things to add here, like Colin. First of all, I remembered what I was going to say. So I will add that to the end. But like some of my observations from like the starting of the project is, if you remember the CICD diagram which they shared with us, the blue box and the other boxes, correct?
and they said that they do not have clear visibility into the this CICD pipeline. If they are really doing this on a what you call WebEx chat and in this manner. So obviously they don't have and I think this is also the problem they want us to solve.
Yeah.
Big.
Right, right. Absolutely.
So that's something, you know, and this is where you can see like the difference between, you know, you know, how to do this at an app level and what is a universal problem that exists for them that we can solve.
So that's what I want to get in these docs to Srinivas, because that's where we add the most value to him. If we just, I can tell you he's not going to, you know, really care too much about what we're doing if we're just waiting to say, you know, what's the requirements, what to do. He wants people to come and fix this mess for sure.
And kind of to read between his lines, even though he's not really suggesting it. I'm telling us to empower ourselves with feeling like we can take that upon ourselves to suggest to him and tell him, here's how I would do it. Here's the best way forward from our view. Do you agree? Do you want us to do it? If the answer is no, that's fine.
But most likely the answer won't be no, as long as we have a clear understanding and rationale and can explain it.
Now let me say one last thing. I do have to jump off to the meeting with Yogesh and Rahul in a moment here. You all can continue, and I recommend you do if you want to talk about the architecture. The meeting transcript will still go on, so that's good. One thing that I don't think we did that we should do, and this
I would say you can do it with Claude. Do it sneaky, of course, but for the WebEx transcripts.
What you can do is you can go to the chat. That is for the NXOS CI pipeline, that main one where people are surfacing issues. So any of us had asked us to catalog and categorize.
everything in there. I don't think we've done that yet.
Aditi.
So what we need to figure out is how to download essentially that whole chat as best we can. It might be a matter of scrolling up to the very top, pressing Control A, Control C, but I don't have a way of knowing that. If there's a better way to do it, we're going to need to figure it out. But that's something that we do need to have for this week.
Nope.
So I'll put that as a challenge. Maybe the three of you can talk or four of you can talk about that after I get off.
And what I'm thinking there is just have Claude go and crawl, explore, and categorize catalog.
That can be a big one-time effort, no problem there. But it is something that we need to have for Strinivas, because that's going to guide how we talk about triage. For instance, like if Justin's system or Rui's system don't really cover things properly, or if there's like 1 consistent issue, we can focus our canons there first.
But it does matter, so talk about that and let me know in the WebEx chat what we decide, because we're going to have to assign at least one person to go and do that. It shouldn't be too bad, but it is something that we need to do and we'll need to talk about with Cerny Bus.
Um...
So one clarification here, Colin. So the bot I previously built, correct, which is currently on my like dead laptop on local. So that was able to scrape everything. By scraping and categorizing, did he mean the, what do you call the pulse, use the pulse project to scrape it?
Mm.
Okay.
or in bot with, he wants us to scrape it. Because if you go ahead and scrape it with Claude or any other things, so he might come back and ask, like, how exactly did you do this? Correct, because we did not deploy any bot or we did not connect, add any connector.
Yes.
or any other thing. So how did you guys were able to like scrape it? Tell me. So that might come as like compliance or something because yeah.
Mmh.
So let me be the shield for all of you with that, because I'm quite good at this. And I hope, so don't get the wrong idea about me, everyone. I'm not just trying to be sneaky. But I'm going to tell him we did it with Copilot. And for Namita, for instance, what you built, I'm telling him we did it with Copilot.
Yeah.
OK, yeah.
And, you know, he's not going to ask questions, I can tell you that. For us, even Saurav, if you're able to run that, even on your bay one laptop and you're able to scrape everything, or if you're able to, you know, I know it's painful to recreate it, but recreate it with, you know, Srikar and Namita and have them run it.
Mhm.
OK.
That's fine. We can just tell him that we ran it through and I will explain to him how we did it. So don't feel like, you know, you have to dance around that. Just the only rule is never mention Claude. I will handle the rest.
So when in doubt, co-pilot.
I think it should be easy, just like Srikar or...
Yeah.
Yep.
Upon that, like categorizing and putting into like buckets, like what what this message belongs to, yeah, that that one step, like we can do after this, like...
Right, right. OK, so I do, I do have to jump.
Yeah, and if like there are too many, yes, sure, Colin, sure, sure.
Yes, so, but let's do this though. So that's a good thing. If we can get that, correct. Step one, get that, make sure that it also has the comments, not just the first level messages, but also like the full, you know, kind of jagged view of the thread. Don't worry too much about attachments yet.
Yes.
But you can also look, once we have that, the categorization and breakdown, you'll want to figure out how to do that, how many categories, because we'll be able to put something really nice together with it at the end.
Mmh.
Right.
So I do have to jump. Please continue talking. I know you've all got this. So, you know, please feel free to talk, brainstorm, come to some, you know, plan here. You've got it. So, you know, you don't need me as much as you think, if you think that. So good luck. I'll connect Namita Srikar later. I just got to jump off for you, Yogesh.
Mhm.
Sure. Thanks, Colin.
No, thank you.
Thanks, thanks.
Thanks, Colin.
Okay.
Yep.
So before like we drop off, correct? So when you guys are like going to talk to Colin later, you can also add the part of like using skills and agent dot MD or claude dot MD on there. Like if they're using codex, it will be agent dot MD and skills file.
Okay, if they are using Copilot, there is similar directory for that and for Claude also. So we can add that into the fix and review agent as well as like their normal development environment as well. And similar to how we were like previously discussing about creating a unified layers of.
Tools and different what you call data connectors and everything else. So this skills can also be like a repo which is shared across like the org and one or two maintainers or for each scale there is like different maintainers. Did you guys check like the plot plugin which Colin has created?
Well, it's kind of like in a similar structure. Let me uh share with you one second.
Where is that plugin?
Yeah, alright.
If you go on our GitHub, OK, on Bevan Solutions, you will see this plot plugins, OK?
Mhm.
Inside this plot plugins, we have like all of our this is settings.json, but these are all our skills, OK?
For Azure tools, we have these skills, OK?
Similarly, for core tools, the singularity skill and other things, these are also here. See, big for brainstorm.
I'm not able to see it. Where are you seeing Bay One Solutions Cloud plugins? Let me just check.
Saurav, can we like give this meeting to just the?
You can also...
Yep, yep, sure, sure, Srikar.
Yeah, so we can we can connect on the other other call, and then we can discuss on detail related to this. So, for this, I think we can think of like next steps on like for the scraping classification part.
Yep, sure. First, do it like in small part. First, at least scrape everything. If there is like too much data to like categorize, you can also share it on group like in separate file. So each of us can pick up one and do some part of it.
Mhm.
Okay, so yeah, once I extract those, I'll share that in the group so you can also have a look in the parallel.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure, sure.
KP.
Did you find this, what do you call skills?
Or I have also added these in here now. If you go inside the Claude app, okay.
Yeah.
Click on here, we have the name should be present. Go inside your settings, okay? And here you will see connectors. You can connect like I connected Microsoft or GitHub integration and other things as well. And here we have, we are just.
Tech.
Girls connectors, yeah.
And we have these plugins and in our orgs plugin you can see all of these skills are present. You can just add these here and these will be then available on your plot code work as well as your plot code as well. But inside like the terminal because this is.
GUI app and the terminal app, both are different. So if you want to use these in like VS code, you have to like go to this slash.
Just type marketplace, you will see plugin marketplace. You will have to add like this Baven marketplace. If you want to add these, I can send in the instructions and this is also then similar. Then you will be able to like discover all the skills. Some of these are present which are like.
what do you call by default present from Claude as you can see Claude official plugins. Okay and you can create like your custom plugin based on whatever is your coding style or what task you want to do. So these can be like in different kind of things. So you can think of it like a.
miniaturized agent harness in a sense. Okay.
So yep, have a look at this and also like ask what do you call Colin to suggest. Most likely he already has this idea, but still. And I am also like sharing the what do you call the architecture diagram we I showed you earlier, correct?
Yesterday, that 200 group, I forgot to share it, so that is also available for us for our reference.
Okay.
That's all from my end. Anyone would like to add anything?
So yeah, regarding the architecture, so are we going to discuss right now, like how we are going to design it and all? Or is it for in a different meeting?
Yeah.
For tomorrow, for tomorrow, so as per this meeting right now, Colin said.
I think most likely Colin will use what you call whatever we are currently talking. Then later today you will call what you call have another meeting with Colin. So he will take a look at the architecture diagram you have shared on WebEx for like the build log part.
Correct, the current architecture and is there like, I don't remember, like was there like a proposed architecture in that diagram or was it just the current one? I think it was just the current one.
Yep, yep.
It's an existing, existing one.
Like this one I had shared yesterday. So today I did share a proposed one, but that's just like kind of an initial draft. I think it would need some more brainstorming because as per Colin right now, he said that it would be better to have current state than our recommendation and overall how the future state map would look like, right?
Yeah.
Upadhyay.
Yeah, know what is.
So...
So those, I mean...
Yep.
Let me just share my screen for two minutes.
What is not allowing me to share it, Singh quit 10.
Okay.
Let me try.
OK, can somebody open it?
I just shared on WebEx chat. I'm not able to open it. It's saying I should log out and then I should be able to.
Go there.
No, webbanks.
Are you?
Yeah, I think only you can do it, Namita. I think there is Saurav also doesn't have...
And I am connecting on Chrome mobile on Teams.
Oh, okay, okay.
Yeah.
Or we can like connect on the WebEx dialing team that you can share.
Let me, I will should be able to share and just, oh, now it is showing me, wait a minute.
Okay.
On WebEx, I can see it, but...
Yes, Saurav, you show up with the clouds plugin scale. It's in our Teams plan or our personal proof plan.
Our Team plan.
Yeah, because yesterday I yesterday I was tried those, it's not able to install in our my VS code.
On VS Code. OK, please share your screen. Alright, let's just connect personally. OK, Srikar, you can like we can drop off. I think this would be for normal.
Yeah, Sharma.
Yeah, I think Namita, let's wait for a minute because Namita is going to share her architecture, like what she shared on that. Yeah.
Okay, she's joining back in. Okay, okay. Sure, sure.
OK, I tried on a different laptop.
Can you see?
Yeah.
Yep, uh, it's for now.
But I'll do one thing, I'll share my entire screen. That's better. Can you see now?
Yeah.
So you see this blocks one to seven, right? This part.
Okay, cool.
Yeah.
So this is what I was asking initially, like first will be the NFS ingestion part, right? We need to decide the batched part or we should be a real-time one.
Okay, so for the CI things, correct, for CI it is from the developer end. So those should be like real time because developer is anyways sitting there and waiting for the build to run. For the CD part, we can have that one batched because that has like a lot of.
Yeah.
Bates earning together at nightly bits, correct? That's the CD part, so that can be as batched.
Mhm.
Actually, I feel this is the core crux of it, right? As Colin mentioned, it should be in various tiers, so tier one, tier one, tier 3. So tier one, the regular rule based thing, or here we can have some classification, ML or NLP tasks, and this is actually giving to LLM and LLM.
Yeah.
Mhm.
suggesting the patch for it, right? So what I believe is from Justin's call yesterday, I don't know about Srinivas, but they are mainly looking at the main crux of it, this part, like how we are going to take care of it. So even by giving a single log file.
what is the process that we are going to follow, for example, this one, to get the patch. So even if we focus on this NFS ingestion part later on, like how we are going to do it, that should be fine.
But the crux, I think in Friday's meeting, they would be, or yeah, in Friday's meeting, they would be more interested in this. This is what I believe. But let me know your thoughts. So we should have a better understanding, like if they ask, like how given a log file, what is it, what are the steps you want to take? Yes.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Go on.
Mm-hmm.
batching and all that we can decide later. That's not a big deal, but mean.
I mean, the crux lies here.
Yes, so one way to, yes, sure, sure, go ahead, first complete it, then.
So there are two parts to it.
Yeah, yeah, so there are two parts to it. The first is, let's say, let's forget about the NFS ingestion part. We'll take care of it later by more discussion, but looking at the crux of it, we have these three things going on, like tier one, tier 2, and tier 3, well and good. Then we would need one more block here, I believe.
And this block will actually generate the patch for us.
Right, so rule-based, or let's say this LLM suggested a fix for us. OK, this is a patch you need to apply. Then, once we generate that patch out here, as per Justin, there are two things that can happen. The first one is...
That patch gets generated, a build verification steps happen, and we send a message or in some form of communication to the user that this is your new fix. You could now merge the PR or not. That's up to you. The other part is we ourselves create another PR.
From it.
And take it from there.
No, they don't want this one.
So, we would need to address.
Sorry?
I, I, they don't want like the second one, if I remember from like the last Friday call, correct? So they were very adamant on like the developer should fix it. OK, you tell him this, this is the way to fix it. Yeah.
Agreed, agree.
It's up to him. He should be able to, what you call, make the best decision there that he should apply it or not. So no autonomous here. OK. Yeah.
Okay, I mean, that would be very bad if, you know, without user human review, we are just, you know, giving the patch. I agree, but how do we give it to them? Like, one part is through email he's sending it, the other part is you are creating a new PR with your new diff and all the information.
Yes.
So, I'm not sure, do.
No, just comment on the Priya, no.
Just comment on his Priya.
Tag him at the rate this person and for the PR which is open, just comment on this is the thing.
No, this is from Justin just coming, like, like this is what he said. There was a discussion with them that they wanted to create a new PR. So maybe with Srinivas, we can just confirm, like we obviously, as Colin mentioned, we can give our own views like this. These are these are the various options that we have.
Which one would you choose out of those? But as for Justin, they want to create a new PR.
Mhm.
I don't know how those thoughts align with Sriniva's, but this is coming from Justin.
Okay.
In that case, like I have a crazy idea. OK, all of these things which you are doing in the middle, correct? We can divide this into like 3-4 parts. Subdivide these into how to read the basel log, how to read the.
Um...
What do you call the other structured log? What are like previous errors? What is the architecture? All kind of those things can be categorized in five or six different skills. Okay. Load all of those skills into the agent. In the agent.md, write only the instruction that you have to use these skills.
Yes.
OK, no instruction about the repo itself and the task itself is just solve this these errors. OK, and just let it loop. OK, it is fully autonomous. You don't have to do all of this, what do you call deployment of ML models, the reject like the reject pattern will still be there as a deterministic.
Script inside the skill, so inside a skill, what you have is first the normal description of the skill. OK, what it is doing, then you have different steps, so you can define a particular workflow, how exactly the LLM should work, and add those steps. You can also add different.
assets or different scripts if you want to run it deterministically.
Then in addition to those scripts, you also have post and prehooks. Post hook is, sorry, prehook is something which runs before the LLM runs a command. Okay, or make any changes or anything like before the LLM does a tool call, there is a prehook.
We can capture that and maybe trigger an action on that. There is also a post hook. After the changes have been made, we can add one more post hook there for validation or something or for documentation what exactly the LLM did. Okay, so we can make take the combination of the skits.
Dot agent MD file and ask it to just keep on fixing it. OK, there's no need to have the vertical human in the middle, all kind of like NLP breakdown, chunking, vectorization, LLM will do everything, but that this is the.
approach which is token guzzling if you can say that word here. Like everything is dependent on the agent. If the agent is good enough, like cloud code latest model to open opus 4.6 or sonnet 4.6, those are very.
What do you call to the point? If these are the instructions in the file, he will only do that much, OK? And they are also, if you want to have a what do you want, adversarial agent there, so suppose Codex and Claude both are working in what do you call instinct, so Codex does the fixes.
And for critique, we have codex or the other way around. So that's also something you can think about if you want to go like fully autonomous rather than taking their architecture what they are trying to do and try to make that autonomous because this is not the way to do. This will increase the complexity.
Okay, how will you keep on updating these rule-based, whatever errors are being added? How are these small ML models you are going to deploy? How are these going to get better? There is the whole pipeline involved there. For complex analysis, how exactly we want to build that.
So there also, so all these three things you have put it in a box, but these are like all, if you would say, airflow DAG, if you want to deploy it on that, those are three separate DAGs, separate DAGs, right?
So you can think of it this way as well. So that's an idea from my end if anyone else wants to pick something.
Yeah, I mean this was the Colin Syed at tier one, tier 2 and tier 3. So first he mentioned that here, we'll focus on rule based like without using any fancy AI. Let's see if we can find, yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yep, yep, so all of these can be done in, what do you call?
Skills, yeah, use just the scripts on that. The main thing is, like, I, I again, what do you got? I can see why Colin has drawn it like this and pitching it as architecture, because from the point of skill it is very good to use. It is also like, if you are working on like...
one person at a time like on your separate computers or it is doing just one thing. It is very good, but if you want to pitch that as like a $1,000,000 project to someone, they would just laugh at you. Maybe that's why we need like this much complexity.
Badiger, sure.
Yeah, obviously, I mean, each block here is not the only one part that we'll write, but that's the basic idea that we'll be following.
Aditi.
Yeah, yeah.
So, this ball, it's a small blog, but inside that there are various sub-steps, but I don't think of Srinivas is right now interested in that, but definitely we could think over it from our end, like how we'll approach it. So, any anything more that we could think of with this?
Shop.
Yes.
basic initial draft, let's say we have for architecture, any other block which might be needed, but we are kind of missing right now.
Mm-hmm.
Retry patterns.
Yeah, retry patterns will handle by this part, right? Auto fix and PR. Inside this, there will be retry patterns. So based if the patch doesn't work well, then you have to retry.
Okay, something to, there are like no arrows coming into these rule based NLP and what do you call it, tier 3 LLM, which you have drawn. So it's like after we have done a fix correctly, okay, that was a problem.
But a major part, like something that what I'm...
approved by the user and they have applied it. We can add that back to the rule based correct. Now we have no, we have one error and one like particular fix that works for it. So something like that.
Getting my point. So the system itself takes back feedback, the like correct responses into them. So maybe add a layer of that from there.
Yeah, but...
I think then we can create another one because with all the details, because that will create this diagram quite complex. So yeah, we can add those loops, maybe in a different one, like how each block will be treated.
Yeah.
Yes, yes, still it is still in draft. We are still discussing. That's just an idea. We can always have like different things here, correct? MCP agent access log 6. Okay, these vertical boxes are all over the place.
Namita on the last block.
It.
created like the big boxes. So suppose these first two steps, correct? Ingestion and parsing, chunking. Make it like a big one box, then these two small boxes inside that, that's your initial steps, like the input. Okay. The second one, these three, the routing ones which we have, put it in a big box.
single box and inside these three. Okay, something like that. Similarly here, MCP tools, these are directly feeding into the what you call auto fix PR or else like where exactly are we connecting these MCP tools? These are connected on the agent, right? There are like some.
What do you call it?
If you look closely enough, there are like a lot of changes which can still be done on this.
Namita, one question on the block 6, like, what are we storing here? Like, does the build differences and build logs, whatever happening in this, like, observability tracking, or is it different?
Two.
Mm.
Yeah, yeah, so whatever, so whichever PR we worked on or whichever build we work on, that kind of information we'll be storing because we should know whether we handled it or not. So not necessary every time, it may happen. In best case, you should get a patch and that should work.
So.
Mhm.
But sometimes it might happen, it fails, right? So that information also we can capture, which will help us to generate some matrices later on to understand what was it really working, how many of them, which kind of build errors we were able to.
saw and which we were not able to handle kind of that information.
Right.
Okay, and one more thing, like when we are like using the LLMs here, like we need to also like show them like which, let's say like there are some errors like how the LLM is performing, like a little bit of observability like on what steps the LLM is taking.
Mhm.
Pradeep.
Um...
Something like similar to Lang Smith, or any other tools, so we can just like put put on the availability, and then like we can also link that to the block 6.
Correct.
You good?
Do they currently have it?
No, no, they they don't currently have it, but, like, on the above of it, like...
So, like, when we when we use it.
I think like for Lang Smith on like an enterprise grade, now you have to pay a license.
I'm not sure, Nate. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm not saying just, but some kind of like observability tool, like where they have like observability on the like what LLM is taking, like what steps it is taking. So, in terms of like block 5, let's say here we will be using LLMs right, like to analyze the root cause.
Mm.
Two.
So, what is it doing exactly? Like, what step is this taking? Let's say, like, if it is taking any API call or any tool call, we need to see that, yeah.
Yep, yep, yep, I'm getting your point. I'm getting your point, right? Yeah, do they like, do they currently have anything or from the talks from like from the talks, do they have any plan for integrating something like this?
Yeah, that could.
Yes.
Right now, they don't have, right? No, no, no.
No.
No, they don't have anything.
No, they don't have anything. I think that's that will be like our input.
How exactly are they debugging this?
There's nothing debugging because it's kind of like POC, right? So it's only the user he just sees.
Still on the POC also you built an agent. You should check, you should be able to check now what context is being fed, what was the tool generated.
Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, but he is not evaluating. But he's not evaluating. That's the thing. I mean, there are ways to do it, but right now they don't have.
So.
Yes.
Yeah, okay, so yeah, sure. Nice to know.
Yeah, that's a good point. Like, we can add about, like, observatory tool, like, and all.
But what my, I mean, my thought process was that for tomorrow's meeting especially, we should dig more into this part, the middle one, because he might ask you, what LLM, how you're going to do this NLT classification? I don't know, like how technically strong or he, Srinivas is, but.
Yeah.
they might dig into this. So do we want to focus on those parts as well?
I don't think we should.
Yeah, miss, it's related to...
Like, we can focus on.
Sorry, continue.
The first one is like, I think that was also on the agenda. So refer to the Basel docs and Basel docs and all of the what you call error types they have so that we can create this rule-based error detection, what you call repo or whatever we want to create over there, regex patterns.
Okay, the second is specialized small ML models.
For categorization issue type, yeah, sure. We can have a look at hugging phase if we want. Small ML models. We obviously are not going to train it. Or if you, yeah, first you have to confirm from them, do they have like this kind of data set?
Because for like our timeline, it is not very practical to like create the data set and then do all the steps, then train and inferencing and everything else. So yeah, just ask from them if they have the data set for the ML model.
If not, a little bit of what you call exploration of hugging face will also do. One or two model names is fine. I don't think they will go more into like details or even just like the not even the model, just the type of what you call.
which type of ML you want to use here. Correct. That also is like in a port now because we are not going into too much details. It's just like currently high level architecture. Okay.
Then, and obviously, if he really goes to ask that question, Colin is always on the call. OK, so he will take care of it, take care of it.
and the tier 3 is LLM. For tier 3 and block 5.1, I think most likely they do not want a singular LLM call. They want to do it in the same way they are doing for their current one. Correct? Asking the...
Codex and passing it the whole workspace. So here it's either Codex or Claude instead of like agent instead of models. OK, they will be using whole like coding agent here.
So yep, for structured storage, I think currently they are using SQL. I don't know why. When a local Postgres can always be used and it is like we can do.
Multi multiple connections and what you call basically read write speech and everything else like for an agentic perspective, the performance of Postgres is much better than like what you call SQL and in terms of Postgres we will also get like.
Option to add in more extensions on this, like PG vector or age, or if anything else you want, literally you can store anything in a Postgres DB. OK, from images to anything else, byte codes or files, like, yeah, sure, so a Postgres DB here will be...
Mhm.
Yeah, right now they don't have this block 6 at all in their system. So block 6 is something that we'll be adding completely new. That's not bad.
Very good.
Yeah.
OK, so they have kind of a block 0 at the front, correct? The SQL or DB which I'm talking about.
Yeah, this SQL build metadata, that just a metadata information. And that too, that's mainly only for the CD part. They don't have for CI much.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm. Yep.
Saurav, one quick update.
Okay.
One, so I was like extracting the WebEx space chat room, so I was able to like fetch like around like for each page there are 50 messages.
Yeah, it fetches 50 at a time. It is like paginated API. Yeah.
I was able to...
Yeah, so...
Right, I was able to go till like 130 pages, like 6, 6,500 messages. And then the connection aborts after that.
Mhm.
Like, I won't.
Ask Claude to try after six 500 pages or just ask it to check if there are if there is a way to check like the total count of messages saved or something like that.
It.
Pradeep.
Right, okay.
Mm.
Still like 6,500 should be enough for like an initial exploration. But still it depends on what is like the exact, what do you call chat size. If it's like 100,000 or million and we only got 650, that's bad sample size.
I think 6,500 should be, yeah, initial, right, right.
I think, yeah, I think for the initial sample size, I think it should be good. I will see if I can share that on the chat, like WebEx chat itself, or...
Yeah.
Okay, sure, yeah.
Vaishali, you were saying something, right?
So, bye.
Yes, yeah, Vaishali, share your screen. I will say I will help you set up that marketplace now.
Yeah.
Anything else in here like Namita, which I don't think any block is left, correct? We considered all of these blocks. Yeah, one more thing is left. Colin asked us to take a step back and try to abstract this.
Correct. The way they are talking about this on the next chat. So how exactly to what you call structure that so that the after catching a what you call after we get an error, OK, after a build error is.
Anil.
encountered or on the webhook we have or airflow, whatever we have on hook. Okay, that checks like an error has happened, sends to an LLM for a fix. Okay, if it fixes it, okay, good. If it does not fix it, create an issue on the what you call GitHub.
and also send a message on WebEx. Okay. So that or assign directly to a person and send a message on WebEx on the group. So something of this kind of loop. Okay.
Yeah.
Any other ideas you guys have for like doing this kind of loop or an abstraction over this?
Because I think like GitHub is good source of truth for us. We can always track all the commits, the PRs created, and whenever the issue is being created, have the agent created with the skill so that it adds all like the what you call details of from where the build was taken and what exactly was the.
error kind of an audit trail so that we know what exactly is happening. Similarly, it will be like two-way after a issue has been fixed, it should again update on the what you call GitHub as well as like the WebEx channel. So if we create this whole loop now, so if...
Anyone else is pinging on the WebEx channel, check if there is an issue related to it. Okay, if it is related, is it the exact issue or not? Is it talking about the same thing? Have we already fixed it? Is it in the pipeline? If we have fixed it, give an update.
OK, on the WebEx, if we have not fixed it, it's still in the pipeline given update to the user. OK.
And for this also we need like unified data layer. It's not like everything is working on their own. From the looks of it, currently, as like they said, they want to scrape like more than 40 WebEx chats, WebEx spaces. And those should be like similar to our NX code.
OS like space. Everyone is discussing the issues about that.
So, what I can, what I can like easily imagining this loop of loop inside these what you call 40 web access, even though like the workflow itself is not very good because WebEx is not a great way to store the truth, but if again, what you call categorize and create issues on.
GitHub for that, it will be like two-way. So even if like the developer does not want or because in Webex there is simple message and you have to change from VS Code or your coding environment to the Webex channel to see your response or ask something.
Instead, you are already on terminal. You can use get commands or GH repo or ask Claude or Codex or Claude to pull out these details directly from the GitHub. So that's a faster workflow, but still, I am open to considerations.
Any, what do you call, what do you call pain points or any baking points or anything I have not considered in this that you can like think of here.
Okay.
We should address those as well, because I am only one guy.
No.
Yeah, so let's see.
Hello?
Yeah.
Let's see, let's see the points that we discussed. I'll try to modify the architecture.
Sure, try to use like Claude and if you can get hold of the skills, that's pretty well.
I.
Yeah, yeah.
I think it is in, let me tell you the exact repo for this particular singularity skill.
Even if like Colin has not taught us, we can always ask Claude after sharing the skill like how to use this.
You can share on the chat that path to the skill.
So.
Yep, yep, I'm pasting on like the teams.
Okay.
Shop.
Don't scoot them.
Anything left?
Yeah, I just shared the...
I think we're both.
Messages CSV file on the chat, like, yeah, if you guys like have some time, they can look over that, yeah, I think that's it for from my end.
Nice.
I will, I will take last 1500 OK in the CSC file.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK, yeah.
Sure, yep, no problem. OK, bye.
Thank you so much. Thank you, Team.
Yes, thanks everyone. Bye.
Bye.
Oh, Colin is back.
You're still here, everyone. That's great.
Sorry, I I don't want to interrupt if what you were doing, so if you're if you're doing something, don't let me don't mind me, but I I can.
Yeah.
Nope, we were like almost done. I was just going to like send a message on how to exactly set up Singularity on their end. And I said, even if like Colin is not telling you guys how to use it, just ask a lot to how to use it. And at least you can get started on.
some of the documentation.
Yes, yes, the good news is I'll be pushing in the V2 for Singularity. I think all that everyone might need that's not included in a major way is that mermaid.js, the same details I shared with you, Saurav.
Mmh.
Yep, yep, I am already trying to convert it into a skill like just architecture diagram, architect skill, not even architecture diagram, but yeah.
Yep.
Perfect. Perfect.
Yeah, because that's really all that's missing. The singularity skill already is excellent. So it'll make the slides for you. It's just those diagram pieces that, it'll still give you diagrams, it just won't be as pretty.
Do you want, so let me ask this, do you want to finish that architecture skill and put it on, or do you want me to just send the mermaid files to everyone?
Is.
You can send the files, like it is pretty late for me, so I don't know if I will be able to like complete it in like 15 minutes. So yeah, so they might be like waiting for the next day.
Yes, makes sense.
Okay, then I will send those in and for Namita Srikar, we have more time, so I'll show you how we can do this. We can do that one together.
Mhm.
Yeah, sure.
But yeah, anyway, don't let me interrupt. Finish up whatever you need to. I'll just be here if you need anything from me.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, we are almost, yeah, wrapping up. I just shared the WebEx chat like messages. So I just exacted them like till 6500.
I was.
I was running out of like, hey, I'm getting an error of timeout, so I'll see if I can do like incrementally, like pull the details, but for now, like initial processing, I think sixty-five or sixty-five 100 like messages would be good, good to like go around and look, look at the data.
Mhm.
Is it kind of like, do we have any structure to the, what do you call it, scraped image, like just the structure in a sense that for the message, if there was a reply, it is linked to that message, that we can trace that?
We can, so here, like I, so I added a column. So first one is the like created time, second one is like message ID, specific message ID, and the parent ID. So if you see like any parent ID, so you can link back to.
Mhm.
To it, so the the parent ID will be the unique one.
Okay, okay.
Sure, sure.
And you will have like sender and the body like text, just the text part.
Oh.
Sorry, I cut out. So what I can do for this is do something really quick. This is easy for me. I'm going to take the file. So I'll have one question for you, but I have the file pulled up right now, so I might be able to answer it myself. It looks like it pulled historically speaking. So I know it got all those files. Did it go from...
Uh...
Because I think the problem is, is...
Got rental back, yeah.
It is like a paginated API Colin. It takes like 50 first, then like 50 resent, then 50, then 50, 50, 50 back. So it's working like that.
Because I'm.
No, the first one is the latest one.
So I think the problem right now that I'm seeing in the data, let me double check that this is true.
Um...
Expand, let's see this, or if I call on this one. OK, yeah, so it looks like the created field.
It looks like it only got, and I'm not sure if there's just that many messages, but it looks like everything is saying that it's in April of this year. So we'll want to double check on that one. Because that's one thing, I'm not sure if the date and times are correct for the messages.
Upadhyay.
Okay.
So, so.
It might be possible there are like 6500 messages in a month and a half because they do are they are like doing whole project tracking on the group. So it might also be possible that yeah those dates are correct.
And.
Mhm.
Preeti.
Well, let's look 'cause.
Yeah, I will cross-check that once, Colin, and then, yeah, I will confirm that.
Mm.
I think it looks like there's something and it might just be their API. Like, who knows? I'd have to see whatever scraper code you wrote. Because on here, I can see, like, for instance, if you look at these, the times are all the same.
Ohh.
Mm.
Right.
And the body messages are all the same.
Yeah.
OK, yeah, OK, this is creperation, yeah, cool.
Time meeting, yeah.
So.
So that's, and like the sender's the same, so I'm thinking it's probably duplicating things whenever it runs the 50, it's duplicating things it already has. So you might want to do it not by, let's say, message ID. You might first of all want to deduplicate by message ID, number one, because that should always be unique.
But #2, it might be better to go in time increments. So to say like process, if there's some flags in the API to scrape based upon like here's a week's worth.
Right, OK.
Um...
Yep, there are, I think.
That, yeah, that might that might be the answer, but we can we can do work through that one together.
Yeah, so, uh, yeah, I'll look on the...
Yeah.
There is like, from what I remember, there was one like for a week and there is also like if you want to get suppose all chats after 20th or before 20th. So we also have those kind of APIs as well.
Okay.
Okay, so with that, then...
So we can do that. That'll be good. Once we have that, what I would say is after this working, I'm going to convert this into a parquet file.
And I'll put it into kind of a pandas data frame format first, so that we'll have that parent-child hierarchy laid out. It's already easy to do to tie them back, but I'll restructure it so that it goes and is almost jagged in that way. That's fine. But this is good. So as long as we get those issues fixed with the scraper,
Yeah.
Mm.
Then we'll have all the messages, I can restructure it for us, and then we can get a sense of the issues. And what's really cool about that is we can even do like, you can do so much with that, like even like, let's say, mean time for resolution within the chat. And that can even help to really drive home, Namita, what you were bringing up. If people are dropping messages into the chat.
Yeah.
There's a delay between whenever that issue occurs, plus whenever someone reports it, plus whenever someone actually resolves it.
Yep, yep. So yes, Colin from the Friday call, what I remember was they the.
So, we can...
DBT in person was like the issues which are being generated for CI or the fixes which are being generated for the CI pipeline. They wanted them to be vertical fixed or accepted by their own users. Correct. We do not want an automated cycle there.
Yeah.
Or do we want to like pitch them the automation there?
Say that one more time as you would. So what they said on Friday, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, from what I remember on Friday, they said that they want the developer who is what you call raising that PR to be the person who is closing that PR. Like the agent can go review the what you call bug, create a fix, but it must not apply that fix. Like even after we have done.
building and testing, just get a get difference and send that to the vertical user that this is the fix, do you want to apply this fix or not? I think they wanted that kind of architecture, but do we want to like pick them a fully autonomous figure?
Mhm.
Just create a new PR or a new branch, and his this is the like the because that will what do you call it decrease our time to resolution for the issues if we run it in autonomous cycles, but then there is and then still that issue they wanted their developers to fix it because.
They created those bugs. They want maybe someone to at least take some responsibility of that code.
Mhm.
So I think, I'll put it this way, I think there's a few things that we can recommend to them. What I would do here is I'm going to treat this like we're doing an internal if they will, because then I'm going to give the most correct answer, not anything in terms of Cisco. I think you have a severity of the bug.
And you also have a criticality of the bug, and you also have a complexity of the bug.
Mhm.
So what the real difference there, it might be obvious, but the severity of the bug means, you know, is this something that's actively functional breaking?
Criticality, even if it's functional breaking, fine, but does it matter to other people? Have you affected other people's work as a result of what you did?
Mhm.
And then.
I'm trying to lose my train of thought now.
Oh, what did I say my last one was?
be acting and okay even I follow
Anyway, there's, yes, there's a few different ways to look at bugs. So, out of the complexity. So, is this just a quick, you know, one-liner fix? You missed a parentheses, you missed a semicolon, or is this something that, you know, you completely screwed up the entire class and you got a full rewrite?
Okay.
Those have different implications for automation, right? So basically the crux of that is, imagine I'm saying to all of you, what would you trust AI to fix autonomously? And that is a very impossible question to answer. That is a question that a lot of startups try to answer and then they fail. So
Yeah, yeah.
Mhm.
The answer that I can give you is 2 things. Number one, humans with an HIL system, human in the loop system, will have to be there at first. How I would build this is have that HIL system so that you can still go with the pattern that they described, but you can cut out the middleman of a human being needing to report that issue. But you can still automatically send it to the human.
as soon as you note that that happened. So it's at least faster, even though it's not fully autonomous. For full auto mode, you have to clearly define the guardrails. Easiest way to define the guardrails is to categorize past actions and what the outcome of those was. So for instance, if a user has approved this exact same.
Mm-hmm.
not Claude's interpretation or Codex or Gemini's interpretation of anything, but that exact scenario, if it has come up in the past and it has been resolved successfully in the past and is still correct in context, that lends itself to being more able or more permissible for auto resolution.
Mhm.
because you already have known patterns to go off of and you already have confidence that that is resolved successfully.
Those ones, what I would propose to Srinivas is have that, let humans be your confidence score.
Yeah.
If this problem is a known one that Cloud can resolve perfectly, great. Have that as a playbook, have that as a reference. We can do that as infrastructure. And for those ones, specifically, have someone with some power, some intimate knowledge of the system, review those and approve or deny that those can be done automatically.
Mhm.
with full tracing and all that good stuff.
But at the end of the day, I think that human in the loop system that they wanted, I still think that's fine. Even though it's not fully autonomous, we can at least say to Srinivas, here's the trade-offs with it. You can't and shouldn't just think of all bugs at the same complexity, the same criticality, the same severity. You know, for instance, even for a human in the loop.
There's a very nuanced trade-off between...
Like, let's say that I have a critical bug that's not allowing anyone to do anything in the app. It's completely blocked.
Mmh.
You might as well let AI do it because you don't want to have to wait. Like, let's say that over 24 hours pass. Do you want to let that sit or do you want to have the reminder or do you want to escalate it up to another person? We have to think about that framework and propose it to Srinivas because, in my opinion, the worst thing people do here is kind of, unfortunately, like how Justin did,
and say, hey, Claude, you've got, you know, what, three tries to try to fix this.
Hmm.
And as long as it compiles, we're going to say it's good. If it fails to compile, we'll say it's bad.
If.
Yeah.
There's a lot to unpack there.
Yeah, technically, it's only one try to fix it, because then the error itself is different, but yeah.
Okay.
Correct, yes, yes, it's a mushrooming effect. And you know, it also has to do with the complexity there. So like, for instance, if I say, oh, hey, Claude, my problem is that this app was written in, you know, Angular and not in Django.
You know, that's not exactly a small fix. Like, that's a massive thing, and that's not something that should be auto-resolved by any AI model. And that's a much larger problem. The complexity of that is very high. So that's something that should automatically not go to AI. But the golden rule, we never let AI decide if something's complex or not.
That's the golden rule, you know, because it is not a good assessor of what that is. So yes, I think keep that pattern of human in the loop, at least for now, but start to think about a framework behind it as well.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Mm.
No, no.
So I had thought of one thing I even shared with like Srikar and Namita, but that is kind of, I would not say it is low effort. It is high effort to like just put up like all the skills.
Just create good skills, meta skill which can make the skill better based on like the results. Have it have deterministic vertical outcomes, keep like kind of a scorecard. And yep, one meta agent which looks at the scorecard, updates the skill.
And in the what you call the agent.md file, just have instructions that these are your skills. These are only the files you can change. No other changes are needed, or if there is some way we can, what you call, even.
Lock those file altogether, like this is the issue. If we can like create kind of a build map that from where exactly that issue came from, lock everything else up and just go ahead and do it. So that can be something which can be like easily created in an autonomous system and that can even be like even if you don't have like.
any errors in your system or any builds running. It can just like the back end agent can just go ahead, look up what are like the previous errors, how exactly they fix them, then go ahead and update your skill or your database or whatever. So we can have something like that in the loop.
Champion.
Yeah.
I like.
Yeah, for me, the only problem is, should we ask like $1,000,000 for skin?
Well...
It's very high, what do you call it? Even the idea itself, as well as at the face of it, it is just an dot MD file. But a lot goes behind it, you also know. It's a lot of engineering work.
Right.
Right, right.
Do they do we want to create it what do you call in blocks in different components or like they are doing it just use codex or plot code and feed those skills in and then agent.md with exact instructions and limitations and yeah just go.
Yeah, I think.
It can run 24 7 on like even give it access to WebEx GitHub. It will create the issue update your what do you call the on the back channel. It can keep track of that channel as well. So you can think of it like Nemo clone steroids deployed on GitHub.
Yeah.
Yes. So that is definitely the $1,000,000 question. And the thing is that he's going to hear that and say it sounds too good to be true. We know otherwise. The trick is that, so first of all, even though skills are markdown files, at the end of the day, all code is just text, you know?
So it's the same thing. So don't devalue it just because it's a markdown. You know, that's still substantial work that goes in. And if skills were that easy to do, then everyone would do them. But you can already see that people aren't that good.
Yeah, yeah.
Yes, yes.
There are also like, now what do you call it, prehooks, posthooks, then scripting involved, reference files, then different assets. There is a lot you can do and customize in terms of skill, which is like, if you want to do it on like a whole system, the cost and time does not add up.
Yeah.
Make up.
So what I would do for it is just we can get it written up. We're going to have to have an example of it working, ready to go. Not a full pace one either, like a smaller scale example ready to go to show him, here's what we can do. And we also need to think about how we get it to people. So for instance, like looking at how they can, like how would a developer
set that up? Like, is that going to be a plugin? You know, is that going to be in their VS Code? Are we going to have to write a VS Code plugin ourselves, et cetera? Like, how does that manifest?
Mhm.
Yeah.
That's a big, yeah.
It's pretty good, kind of similar to how we are using, we are doing it. That's the best way, because for all the other options also, we are what you call asking them to create a...
unified data layer for them, correct. So similarly for skills and plugins also, because we are also creating these WebEx connectors and all of these things. These can also like all of these projects, everything can like collapse into that that report and have like what you call.
Right.
So.
three or four person specific to their domain, they can maintain those skills if they want. Our best option, like I would always give, what you call, AI an option to maintain that. For me, it's like better use of the throughput tokens. If you are anyways paying for it, just use like the whole limit.
That's only like how which plan you have. That's the only limit on that system, so.
Right.
So, okay, so let's keep this in our mind. We're going to have to go deep dive into this and we'll have to plan that out architecture, because I think it's good, you know, and I think that for them, what's missing from their deep site, yeah, they've got MCP all day long, but they don't have skills. So it's probably safe to assume that they don't have much detailed understanding of that.
Yeah.
We'll be able to confirm it. But what if anyone doesn't know what a skill is, he's going to say, you know, how is that different? You know, it's going to be an ignorant question. So we just have to.
Yeah, how is it different from like what you call prompt engineering or a simple prompt?
Right, right. And, you know, so we have to do our part to, number one, have that idea fully formed, build out. Here's how this would work. Here's how people would use it. Here's how it would be maintained. Here's all the things you can do with it. Here's how it complements your system. Here's an example of what we're talking about. And if you want us to proceed with this, that is our recommendation.
Here's why.
We will save that for whenever it's not past or approaching midnight for you, Saurav.
Yeah, yeah, Colin.
All right.
Oh, Namita is back. Are we going to play this game now? I am.
First, like when we were going to disconnect, and Namita dropped, then Colin joined in, and now I am trying to drop off, and now Namita has joined in.
But...
Mhm.
Well, I think I think what we should do right now is we can, as long as there's nothing else, we can probably safely drop, unless there's something we need to talk, because I need this transcript anyway, so I can process it in and get the blockers ready for Cernibus.
Abhijit.
Mhm.
So we can always meet again later on in the day. But I think unless there's something that we should talk about now, that's, you know, I interrupted, I think we can probably wrap up for now.
Yep, nothing from my end, so yeah.
Yep, we can talk.
Yeah, nothing for mine.
Thank you.
All right, everyone. Well, good session. Thank you for continuing. In the meantime, a lot of good things. And you'll see whenever we talk Singularity, why these meetings exactly like this are perfect. So it's a big, big thing. And nothing is wasted. We'll put it that way. So.
Good work. I'm going to get some things put together by Srinivas and I'll share them with everyone too. But for Namita Srikar, we'll meet up later on today to talk through things. I got to meet up with anand at what?
Yeah.
I think like noon PST or maybe a little bit 1130 A.m. PST to talk about the renewal contract. And I'm going to bring up some of these things when we have that conversation. So let me take some time to get ready for that and get everything ready so that we get more money for this. And so.
Okay.
the gas for the engine, you know. So, all right. Well, Srikar, Vaishali, or excuse me, Saurav and Vaishali, thank you for staying online. I know it's late for you, so yeah, let's wrap up and we'll get back to it later on today and tomorrow.
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you, everyone. Thanks.
Thank you. Bye.
Yeah, thank you. Yes, thank you, everyone.
Yeah, bye.
Peace.
Bye.